What the second blind audit found, and the one that was shipping broken

A context-free agent audited the world lane -- the land, the sky, the grade, the
navigation, the workbench and the checks that defend them. 16 mutations, each
verified as landed. FIVE were caught. ELEVEN SURVIVED.

Everything below is fixed and defended unless it is in the STILL OPEN list at
the end.

THE ONE THAT WAS ALREADY LIVE

focusAtScreen raycast `neighbourhoodGroup.children`. Measured on the running
page: scene has 547 children, that group has ZERO. _buildCityBase calls
buildWorld(THREE, renderer, this.scene), so every piece of city geometry goes on
the scene and the group holds nothing but reconciled placements.

So double-click-to-focus, F, Alt-click, Set Pivot and the pivot marker were all
dead on the real page, and navigate.js flashed "nothing there to focus on"
wherever you clicked. The comment above it asserted the opposite -- that the
ground, harbours, ocean, beach and every building were in that group.

_inspectClick, 250 lines below in the same file, already carries the fix AND the
diagnosis: it branches on _cityMode and hits scene.children for exactly this
reason. focusAtScreen was never given the branch. Nothing in the suite could
catch it -- the browser check stubs this renderer and its stub returns hit:true
unconditionally.

Verified after the fix, on the live page:
    neighbourhoodChildren 0
    focus { hit: true, point: { x: 0, z: 258 } }   <- a real point
    targetCamDist 2730 -> 1229                     <- the range closes
    markerCreated true, markerAt { x: 0, z: 258 }

A SAVED CAMERA VIEW COULD TRAP A VISITOR PERMANENTLY

`caliper_default_camera_view` was accepted on one truthiness check. resetView
then reads def.lookAt.x/.y/.z and def.dist with no fallback on either, so
{"lookAt":{}} -- or a perfectly valid-looking {"lookAt":{x,y,z}} with no `dist`
-- puts NaN into the camera. Measured: camDist NaN, _lookAt [NaN, NaN, 337], no
page error, SURVIVES EVERY RELOAD because the bad value is still in storage. The
only escape was Save View, which needs a working view to save.

workbench.js carries thirty lines insisting saved layout is untrusted input and
validates every field. This key, written by the same interface, had none of it.
Now validated field by field, and a value that cannot be used is discarded rather
than kept to fail again on the next reset.

A BRIDGE COULD NOT CROSS WATER

TERRAIN_REFUSES grants `support: "span"` the right to cross water and cliffs --
that is what a bridge IS. The acceptance step then took it straight back:
ACCEPTS[water] is ["vessel"], so the moment a bridge also declared
`category: "structure"` it was refused "water carries vessel -- not a structure".
ACCEPTS[rock] is [], so a gorge refused everything.

    bridge, span, category "structure"   REFUSED
    bridge, span, NO category            OK

The exception survived only for callers who omitted an optional field -- and
test/ground.test.ts's bridge case omitted it. The test written to defend bridges
was passing for the reason bridges were broken. That is the same "an unstated
optional field decides the answer" failure the BEACH rule fourteen lines above
spends a paragraph condemning.

Fixed, and the test now declares a category, adds the cliff case, and pairs with
a shed that must still be refused.

"THE LAND REFUSES IT" WAS AN ELEVATION TEST

The placement guard added yesterday said "the land refuses" and "catches the next
mis-addressed placement, whatever produces it". It tested `g > 0.5`. A prop in
the middle of a river passed, because this world's waterways run 27-105 m ABOVE
sea level. It now asks waterwayAt -- the same import ground.js uses.

THE VILLAGE SKY WAS STILL BEING ANIMATED AFTER IT WAS DELETED

_buildCityBase removes the moon, moonlight, starfield and cloud group from the
scene and left the PROPERTIES pointing at them, so every guard in draw() passed
and the day/night code went on positioning a moon nothing renders. Measured over
ten ticks: moonInScene false, moon moved (129,192,-1096) -> (-2445,664,-1228),
star opacity rewritten every frame. sky.js's own header describes this exact
state as the bug it was written to fix -- it added a replacement and did not stop
the old code. Nulled and disposed.

THE DROP ZONES YOU SEE ARE NOT THE ONES THAT CATCH

zoneAt computed its own edge bands -- 126 px full-length strips, no inset, no
corner exclusion -- while the CSS draws inset rectangles that stop 90 px short of
each corner. Two different shapes, disagreeing in both directions. Measured:

    drop (135,400)  inside the DRAWN left zone   -> floated
    drop (1470,400) inside the DRAWN right zone  -> floated
    drop (60,40)    outside every drawn zone     -> docked top

A 16 px strip inside each visible zone was dead; both top corners were live and
invisible. It now hit-tests the rendered rectangles, so there is no second
definition to disagree with.

WHAT WAS UNDEFENDED, AND NOW IS NOT

  * The COLOUR GRADE had no control at all. Deleting the pass from the composer
    left 605 tests, the browser check and tsc all green -- the headline artefact
    of an entire session, unguarded. test/lookPipeline.test.ts now asserts the
    pass exists, runs after OutputPass where its curve belongs, that the vignette
    darkens toward black rather than grey, that both pages use the one shared
    module, and the measured roll-off curve.
  * sky.js was in NO load check. A bare `throw` at module scope left 605 tests
    green. Added, with terrain.js, waterways.js and colour-grade.js.
  * waterwayAt could be 3x TOO WIDE with the whole suite green. Measured at this
    extent: 0.255% of the region is water, 0.872% at 3x, 0.127% at half. The new
    area test bands 0.17-0.45.
  * The river taper -- a river widening toward its mouth -- had no test.
  * focusDistance had three survivors: the max clamp on the zoom path, the
    Infinity default the docstring argues for at length, and the NaN fallback
    VALUE (the old test only asserted it was >= min, which 4800 satisfies too).
  * scripts/shoot-app.mjs had no assertion and no non-zero exit. It printed two
    page errors and twenty refused placements and exited 0. It now fails -- and
    the first thing it did was flag eight errors that were all the HARNESS:
    Worker routes a static server cannot serve, and a cross-origin frame policy
    that allows the deployed origin but not 127.0.0.1. Those are named
    individually, with reasons; anything else fails.
  * navigate.js's destroy() cleared its intervals and removed NONE of its eight
    listeners, under a comment calling the previous version "half a teardown".
    Every listener is tracked now.

COMMENTS THAT WERE NOT TRUE

The audit was told to treat every factual claim in a comment as a hypothesis.
Seven failed:

  * sky.js: "three draw calls... they instance to one". Sharing geometry and a
    material does not instance in three.js. It is four.
  * sky.js: a per-star `size` attribute PointsMaterial never reads -- 2,600
    floats uploaded, every star drawn at the uniform size. Removed.
  * colour-grade.js: "compressed into the last 0.14". Measured: the last 0.058.
    Nothing this application renders can reach pure white, which is worth knowing.
  * menus.js: "last registered is the most recently opened layer". Registration
    is fixed at module init and has nothing to do with what was opened when.
  * navigate.js: the dblclick handler "re-focuses the same point". It only calls
    preventDefault -- and a second focus would not be harmless, it would square
    the 0.45 range factor.
  * check-topbar.mjs: "records the last thing that PASSED". It records the last
    thing checked; the assignment runs before the condition.
  * city.html: "the grade now lives in public/grade.js". grade.js is ROAD
    grading. That pointer led to the module this one once overwrote.

MUTATIONS, THIS ROUND

  focusAtScreen raycasts the empty group again   -> caught (live-page probe)
  waterwayAt 3x too wide                          -> caught
  the river taper removed                         -> caught
  the colour grade removed from the composer      -> caught
  the vignette back to greying (darkness 0.45)    -> caught
  the grade moved before OutputPass               -> caught
  the span exception revoked                      -> caught
  destroy() stops removing listeners              -> caught
  destroy() rips out a live region it not own     -> caught
  the grip Escape dismisser always returns false  -> caught
  the drop hit-test widens past the drawn zones   -> caught

11 for 11, after three of my own new assertions failed to bite on the first
attempt and had to be rewritten -- the teardown check asserted a node count that
two instances share, and the zone check reimplemented the hit test in the page
instead of calling it, so mutating the module changed nothing it could see.
Testing a copy of the thing is the same error as photographing a different page.

620/620 node tests, tsc --noEmit clean, top-bar check green, shoot-app green.

STILL OPEN -- AND THE FIRST TWO NEED MARK

  1. WATERWAY UNITS. waterways.js says "a river's width and depth are BUILT
     metres and do not scale; only its position does". terrain.js scales both.
     river-mid declares depth 9 and the land reports 5.85. One of the two is
     wrong and fixing it changes how the world LOOKS, so it is not mine to
     decide alone.
  2. BLOOM IS STILL TWO COPIES. index.html runs strength 0.02 / threshold 0.99 --
     effectively no bloom. city.html runs 0.085 / 2.20, tuned, with a comment
     saying 0.90 sent the city "to milk". Unifying means adopting one, which is a
     visual change on a page just deployed.
  3. waterAt reports the manifest depth, uniform across the channel, so a hull at
     the bank reads the mid-channel depth. The docstring describing a computed
     surface has been corrected to match what it does.
  4. ground.js's probe docstring claims "never coarser than TARGET_SPACING";
     measured, it is 8 m at 200 m wide and 140 m at 3,500 m. The 3,500 m runway
     it uses as its example cannot see a 120 m river.
  5. findGround makes 3.26 million heightAt calls for one unplaceable spec.
  6. The pivot marker's APPEARANCE is still unjudged -- it is created at the
     right point now, but nobody has looked at the ring at street level.
  7. props.js / roadkit.js / asset-registry.js are still unwired. Blocked on
     merging assets-lane, which is Mark's call.
