D4: generate -- the model writes a builder, checked against what was actually asked

What was wrong: D3 already answers "could this become that, here?" against
the real land, measuring the actual constraints. Nothing yet turned a YES
from that into a prompt carrying those real numbers, and nothing decided
what happens when the model's response ignores them -- the wrong answer
being to quietly repair or wave through geometry that does not honour what
was actually asked for.

How it is known to be fixed:

- public/generate-request.js, new. buildGeometryPrompt(assessment, want,
  request) carries D3's measured footprint/support/clearance verbatim into
  the prompt, and refuses BEFORE anything is prompted when assessTransform
  has not approved the transform -- there is nothing to generate for at a
  location the request does not fit, and refusing here is also what stops a
  prompt (and a spend) being sent for a request that cannot work.
- verifyGeneratedGeometry(source, prompt, evaluate, THREE) is a thin wrapper
  over D5's already-proven verifyModelSource, passing
  prompt.constraints.footprint as `declared`. There is no field anywhere in
  a response a model could use to declare its own footprint instead -- the
  only footprint that exists in the whole call is the one the ORIGINAL
  request carried, so a response that ignores it fails D5's existing
  footprint check by construction, not by anything new this step invents.
- NO MODEL IS CALLED ANYWHERE, including in the tests -- every "response" in
  test/generateRequest.test.ts is a hand-written source string. Zero API
  spend without explicit authorisation is a standing rule and it applies to
  test code as much as production code.
- test/generateRequest.test.ts (4): the prompt carries D3's exact
  footprint/support/clearance; generation is refused before any prompt
  exists when the ground refuses the transform; a response asked for a 3x3
  footprint that instead builds 40x40 fails verification at the "footprint"
  stage; a response that genuinely honours the constraint verifies clean.
- Mutation `verify-generated-geometry-uses-real-constraint` CAUGHT. Inflates
  the declared footprint by 1000 m before checking -- the exact "repaired
  silently" failure mode the ledger names as the wrong answer:
  `node scripts/_mutcheck.mjs test/generateRequest.test.ts public/generate-request.js test/mutations.json`
- `npm test`: 840/840. `npx tsc --noEmit`: clean.

What is still open: this builds the prompt and the verification wiring, not
the actual model call or the repair loop that reads a failed verdict and
retries. Those live in the pipeline (src/), under its existing gates and
spend caps, which this step deliberately did not touch. D6 (show the work)
is next.

public/asset-registry.js and public/tier-models.js remain excluded from this
and every commit tonight -- untouched, unstaged, flagged previously.
