D8: undo is dropping a layer, proven end to end -- including that it survives a reload

What was wrong: world-model.js's remove() already proves "drop exactly this
layer's edits, leave every other author's work standing" in isolation
(test/worldModel.test.ts). Isolation cannot see the actual risk: a removal
that only happens in the in-memory world and is never re-saved would look
like undo worked, right up until the next reload brought the supposedly
undone layer straight back.

How it is known to be fixed:

- public/undo.js, new. undoLayer(world, worldId, layerId, store) calls the
  existing, already-tested remove(), then always re-persists through the
  same store D7's apply-and-persist uses. A failed remove (unknown layer id)
  is returned as-is, never persisted over.
- test/undo.test.ts (3), end to end through the real stack -- two authors,
  three layers, a real memory-backed store, not a fixture standing in for
  any one piece: undoing one of Mark's two layers removes exactly that
  layer's own edit, leaving his OTHER layer and Jess's layer both untouched;
  the undo survives a reload -- store, load, worldFromJSON, and only THEN
  check the layer is gone, which is the property isolation-level proof
  cannot demonstrate; undoing a layer id that does not exist is refused, not
  a silent no-op success that leaves the caller unable to tell whether
  anything happened.
- Mutation `undo-persists-the-removal` CAUGHT. Drops the re-save after a
  successful remove -- the removal then exists only in memory, and the
  undone layer comes back after a reload, which is exactly the gap this
  step exists to close:
  `node scripts/_mutcheck.mjs test/undo.test.ts public/undo.js test/mutations.json`
- `npm test`: 851/851. `npx tsc --noEmit`: clean.

Phase D (the agent's path into the world) is complete at the mechanism
level -- D1, D2, D3, D4, D5, D6, D7, D8 all done with evidence. The
live-wiring gap (city-render.js does not yet build from createWorld, and no
DOM/API path drives any of this live) is named honestly at D7 rather than
claimed here or anywhere else.

E1 (quests as the way in) is already done. E2 (completion from world state)
is next.

public/asset-registry.js and public/tier-models.js remain excluded from this
and every commit tonight -- untouched, unstaged, flagged previously.
