H1 complete: 53 of 53 mutations CAUGHT, and the one survivor fixed by asserting the cause instead of a drifting ceiling

What was wrong, in two parts.

Part one: mutate.mjs --all could not finish in this environment even with the
--resume harness fix (previous commit) making it resumable -- resumable is not
the same as fast enough, and 30-plus mutations at ~100-200s of real suite time
each was still over an hour of unbroken runtime. Switched method: scripts/
_mutresolve.mjs resolves each remaining mutation's `expect` string to the one
test file that actually contains it (2 of 31 were genuinely ambiguous --
resolved by reading both candidate files' real content, not guessed);
scripts/_mutresolve-run.mjs drives scripts/_mutcheck.mjs -- seconds per
mutation, scoped to its own guarding test file -- over each resolved row,
appending to the same test/.mutate-results.json in the same shape mutate.mjs
writes. All 31 ran CAUGHT. The trade-off this gives up -- a full-suite run
also catches breakage somewhere UNEXPECTED, which a scoped run cannot see --
is closed by running node test/run.mjs once, clean and unmutated, after every
row was recorded: 868/868.

Part two: a genuine process-management mistake, caught before it could do
real damage. Mid-fix, an earlier --all --resume background run was wrongly
assumed dead from an ambiguous status read, and a second, unrelated
invocation was started against the same tree while the first was still
alive -- briefly two processes racing the same marker and results file
paths. Caught by public/ground.js turning up dirty with a mutation nobody
had knowingly applied. Both processes were confirmed running (TaskStop
returned success for both, meaning both were genuinely still alive) and
stopped; both partially-mutated files were restored and verified by hash --
public/ground.js via git checkout, the untracked scripts/mutate-resume.mjs
by hand (diffed against the known mutation first, to confirm exactly what to
revert, since it has no committed version to check out to); the 22 results
the live process had already proved before the collision were reconstructed
from this session's own recorded terminal output -- exact id/status pairs
read back from the transcript, not re-guessed -- before anything was
committed. This is the second time tonight this project's own rule about one
agent per checkout has mattered, applied here to parallel background
processes rather than parallel Claude sessions.

How H1 is known to be complete: 53 of 53 mutations recorded CAUGHT, 0
SURVIVED, 0 INCONCLUSIVE, in test/.mutate-results.json.

The one survivor, sizer-and-renderer-share-one-seed (public/layout-fits.js),
came back SURVIVED against test/layoutGeometry.test.ts's overhang-COUNT test
-- which asserts a CONSEQUENCE (how many buildings overhang) against a 2%
ceiling that terrain tuning had drifted the measured figure toward over the
life of this project, so the mutation's 653-overhang effect still fit under a
ceiling that had moved. A test defect, not a mutation defect. Fixed by
asserting the CAUSE: public/layout-fits.js refactored so sizeFor's seed
computation lives in a shared internal helper (askedFor), changing nothing
about sizeFor's behaviour -- confirmed by the pre-existing overhang test
passing at its original numbers unchanged -- and a new export,
measuredSeedFor, exposing the exact seed value production measures a
placement's fit with. test/layoutGeometry.test.ts's new test asserts that
seed equals seedFor(typology, placement.options) -- the seed the renderer
actually builds with -- for every one of ~20,000 real placements, exactly,
which cannot drift with terrain tuning the way a percentage ceiling can. The
overhang-count test was kept exactly as written, because it guards a
different, still-real thing: that the fits predicate runs at all.
`node scripts/_mutcheck.mjs test/layoutGeometry.test.ts public/layout-fits.js test/mutations.json`
CAUGHT.

`npm test`: 868/868. `npx tsc --noEmit`: clean.

Lesson recorded in the ledger so it is not re-discovered: mutate.mjs --all is
a release check sized for a runtime this environment cannot give it in one
sitting. scripts/_mutcheck.mjs scoped to a mutation's own guarding test file,
driven in a batch via scripts/_mutresolve.mjs, is the tool that actually
finishes here.

H2 (the page's numbers are true) is next.

public/asset-registry.js and public/tier-models.js remain excluded from this
and every commit tonight -- untouched, unstaged, flagged previously.
