H1 harness fix: a kill costs one mutation, not the whole run

What was wrong: scripts/mutate.mjs held every mutation's result in memory and
wrote nothing until the final summary. This environment reaps long-running
commands, and 52 mutations against the ~860-test suite is well over an hour --
so every kill discarded the entire run. Measured across the actual attempts
tonight: 18 mutations proved, then a kill and a restart from zero; then 29;
then 3. Not a finding about any control -- the harness could not survive the
runtime the check genuinely costs.

How it is known to be fixed:

- test/.mutate-results.json (gitignored, a progress file, not a project
  artefact) is written after EVERY mutation completes, not at the end.
- --resume reads it and skips any id already recorded, via
  scripts/mutate-resume.mjs's filterPending(mutations, doneIds) -- a small,
  pure function kept separate from the orchestration specifically so it could
  be tested without re-running the suite it exists to make interruptible.
- The baseline is skipped on resume when nothing that would change its answer
  has moved: the tree's git status is byte-identical to what it was when the
  baseline was measured, and a sha256 fingerprint over every test file's
  content plus the mutation manifest is unchanged (baselineIsFresh, also in
  mutate-resume.mjs). Test file counts cannot be known statically --
  gen-test-count.mjs's own header notes `test(` calls inside a loop expand at
  runtime -- so this fingerprints CONTENT rather than attempting a cheap count
  that would be wrong.
- test/mutateResume.test.ts (4): a results file with three ids recorded causes
  those three to be skipped and a fourth to run; an empty done list leaves
  everything pending; every id done leaves nothing pending; a baseline is
  trusted only when BOTH the git-status string and the fingerprint still
  match, refused if either differs or nothing was ever recorded.
- Mutation `resume-skips-already-done-mutations` CAUGHT -- filterPending
  returning every mutation regardless of doneIds, the exact defect that would
  make --resume silently re-run (and re-report) work already proved:
  `node scripts/_mutcheck.mjs test/mutateResume.test.ts scripts/mutate-resume.mjs test/mutations.json`
- Measured proof the fix works, not just the unit tests: a second
  `--id resume-skips-already-done-mutations --resume` invocation, run
  immediately after the first recorded it done, completed in 0.225s instead
  of paying for the suite again, correctly reporting "resuming: 1 of 1 already
  done, 0 remaining" and reusing the recorded CAUGHT result.
- `npm test`: 867/867. `npx tsc --noEmit`: clean.

A field the first version of this fix got wrong: the baseline record named its
fingerprint field `testCount`, which was never a count -- it always held a
sha256 hash. Renamed to `fingerprint` in mutate.mjs, mutate-resume.mjs and the
test before this commit, so the name says what the value is.

A process mistake caught and corrected before committing, recorded here
because it is exactly the kind of thing this project's own rules exist to
catch: mid-fix, an earlier `--all --resume` background invocation was assumed
killed on the strength of an ambiguous status read, when it was still actively
running. A second, unrelated `--id` invocation was started against the same
tree while it was still alive -- briefly two processes writing the same
marker and results paths. Caught by noticing public/ground.js dirty with a
mutation nobody had knowingly applied and TaskStop confirming a process was
still live; both processes were stopped, both partially-mutated files
(public/ground.js via `git checkout`, the untracked scripts/mutate-resume.mjs
by hand, since it has no committed version to check out to) were restored and
verified by hash before anything else touched the tree, and the full suite
was re-run clean (867/867) before this commit. The 22 mutations already
proved by the live process before the collision were not lost -- reconstructed
into test/.mutate-results.json from this session's own recorded terminal
output (each id's exact CAUGHT/SURVIVED status, not guessed), so H1's record
stays accurate.

What is still open: 31 of 52 mutations remain to be proved, now via
scripts/_mutcheck.mjs scoped to each one's own guarding test file rather than
mutate.mjs --all's full-suite-per-mutation approach, which this environment
cannot sustain for a run this size. That is the next step, not this commit.

public/asset-registry.js and public/tier-models.js remain excluded from this
and every commit tonight -- untouched, unstaged, flagged previously.
