Overnight: K6-BUILDINGS.md's checklist, read in full again after item 1's
own reconciliation, has no next unblocked item -- recorded as the finding
the brief itself anticipated, not forced into invented work

What was checked. Every section of docs/audits/K6-BUILDINGS.md, by
heading: the historical measurement/geometry/frame-time/gate sections are
not open items; K7.1 is closed at the code level with its visual re-shoot
blocked on the host memory floor; the "Checklist, extended" section's five
items are item 1/F1 (blocked cross-branch, already recorded in
docs/CROSS-LANE-REQUESTS.md) and items 2-5 (all closed or reconfirmed
clean, per this session's own item 1 reconciliation); the connectors gap
is closed permanently since RUN3. Nothing in this document is both open
and actionable from this worktree right now.

Verified rather than assumed. Free memory read 0.653 GB
((Get-CimInstance Win32_OperatingSystem).FreePhysicalMemory / 1MB) -- the
lowest reading across every session in this series (prior lows 0.94, 1.19
GB), far below the project's own 4 GB floor, confirming K7.1's visual
re-shoot and B6's browser-dependent work stay correctly blocked. F1
re-confirmed unchanged: grep -n "variantSeed" public/city-render.js still
finds nothing in this worktree.

The process finding behind the low reading, named and NOT acted on, per
the standing "lanes do not kill processes" rule. Get-CimInstance
Win32_Process lists 19 node.exe processes. Two are test/run.mjs (the full
suite) running concurrently -- PID 36156 (started 01:02:38, ~62 MB) and
PID 35292 (started 01:04:54, ~144 MB). This session started exactly one
such run (item 0); the other is most plausibly the other lane's own
b1-land checkout running its own suite on the same shared host, not
confirmed further. The remaining 17 are small MCP/dev-tool stdio
processes, several pre-dating this session, none obviously CALIPER-related.
Named -- PIDs, start times, command lines, sizes -- and left exactly as
found.

What this means for tonight. Nothing left in K6-BUILDINGS.md for this
lane to move forward alone, in this environment, tonight. Not queued as a
new decision for Mark -- the memory situation is already a standing,
repeatedly-confirmed finding across RUN2 through this session, and
re-filing it again would be noise. F1's resolution (a b1-land -> codex-lane
merge) is already recorded as Mark's to authorise when he is awake.
