Roads must follow density -- the barrier island's empty street grid was the
countryside problem, not ground texture

Mark, on the countryside render: "it is yours, in city-plan.js, and it is
roads, not ground material." Measured and confirmed exactly right.
generateSettlement() read s.av/s.st (avenue/street spacing) directly, with
no reference to s.scale/s.core/s.edge. The block-existence roll already
thins which blocks get buildings, and a separate pass already trims a road
to the extent of the blocks it serves -- but neither changes how many
PARALLEL streets a settlement lays out, only how sparse the buildings along
them are and how long each street runs. So the barrier island, turned down
to scale: 0.12-0.19 for docs/pending-commits/step3-rebalance-density.txt,
still laid out a full urban block grid at 180 m spacing and built on a
fraction of it -- a complete street network over empty ground, which is
what a render actually caught, not a texture question.

    landmass    roads   plots   plots/road
    mainland      641   11056     17.2
    downtown       51    1282     25.1
    heron-isle     20     704     35.2
    barrier       345    1486      4.3   <- before this commit
    barrier        67     578      8.6   <- after

FIX: generateSettlement computes avEff/stEff from the settlement's own
av/st widened by an inverse power of its density scale (1 at scale: 1,
unchanged for every settlement that never declares one; wider as scale
falls toward 0) and uses those for every road/block-spacing calculation
instead of s.av/s.st directly. The exponent (0.45) is empirical, not
derived: the barrier crescent is built from many small ~1200 m segments,
each nearly its own settlement, and how many can fit a second row of blocks
at a given spacing is a step function, not a smooth curve -- 0.5 gave a
worse ratio than 0.45, 0.6 worse again, because whole segments stopped
fitting a second row rather than thinning gracefully. Swept 0.25 through
0.8 (see the comment at the definition) before settling here.

ACCEPTANCE TEST, per Mark's own instruction ("build that as a check -- it
is the measurement that would have caught this before it reached a
render"): test/roadsFollowDensity.test.ts. A floor of 8 plots/road across
every landmass with enough roads to judge (>=10, excluding tiny islands
like gull-isle-vlg at n=4 where the ratio is noise, and excluding pure
regional connectors -- freeways, bridges, the coast road -- which serve no
plots by design and are not a settlement's own street network). 8 clears
every genuinely developed landmass by a wide margin and sits well above the
pre-fix defect (4.3), so it catches "roads decoupled from density again",
not "the rebalance's density calibration moved." A second test holds
mainland and downtown to a real urban ratio (>15), so the floor test cannot
pass by every landmass collapsing toward it together.

Watched red first: git show HEAD:public/city-plan.js (the actual
pre-this-commit state) against this test reproduces the exact defect --
`barrier: 4.3 plots/road (1486 plots, 345 roads)` -- then green again with
the fix restored.

THE OTHER HALF, NAMED, NOT MINE: bare ground reading as farmland/forest
rather than blank is a real, secondary part of the same countryside
complaint, and it is agy's (ground material/texture), not city-plan.js's.
Noted in docs/audits/VISUAL-RUN-QUESTIONS.md for the handoff; not blocking.

How it is known to work: node test/run.mjs and npx tsc --noEmit follow.
Renders of the barrier island and the countryside gap follow once those are
clean, alongside downtown-from-the-air at two tower counts for Mark to pick
between (his call, not settled here) and the bld-terrace share finding
(33% -> 42.1% of the world, worth surfacing even though the top end
improved).
