B2.7 -- bridges and boat routes, IMPLEMENTED per the corrected plan at
95cf588. docs/briefs/RUN2-CLI-2026-09-09.md: "a finished plan is not a
stopping condition... you implement what you plan, in the same run."

WHAT WAS BUILT: public/bridge-generator.js (new). Adapts scripts/gen-
bridges.mjs's own nearest-gap/MST/redundant-edge algorithm to the real
12 settled boundaries (public/board-generator.js's settlementBoundaries()),
classifying each edge at roadkit.js's own real 800 m buildable ceiling
(bridgeSpan()'s own engineering limit) -- not the old world's 9,000 m
"plausible" cutoff the first plan draft used before blind review caught
it. Bridges convert bridgeSpan()'s real socket geometry into board.js
pieces; boat routes are a pair of "dock" pieces per boundary, carrying
routeTo/routeId fields ON the piece itself -- inside the board, per
Standing Gate 5 ("no world state outside the board"), not a separate
route table beside it.

A REAL DEFECT FOUND AND FIXED DURING IMPLEMENTATION, not by review: the
plan's own anchor-walk design (a single fixed cross-axis coordinate,
gen-bridges.mjs's own literal shape) failed 10 of 11 real edges outright
-- measured directly, "no dry anchor on both boundaries" for every boat
route, because a small cottage island's own footprint often never
crosses the fixed line two distant boundaries' midpoint produces. Fixed
by switching to a radial walk (away from the other boundary's own near
point, along the real 2D direction between them, not locked to one
axis). Re-measured after the fix: 11 of 11 edges now realize as real
placed pieces -- 1 bridge, 10 boat routes (20 docks), 0 refused.

THE GATE, WATCHED RED FIRST (test/bridgeGenerator.test.ts, 11 tests --
every one failed on the missing module import before public/bridge-
generator.js existed): connectivity over the real built pieces (not just
the abstract MST, which would stay green even if every edge failed to
build -- a dedicated test distinguishes the two); every anchor lands on
dry, road-legal ground belonging to the boundary it serves; no duplicate
dock ids; the route relationship lives on the dock piece; a board-level
refusal (occupied cell) redirects to a boat route rather than dropping
the connection; grid alignment and origin stability by construction.
All green.

MUTATION-TESTED, 4 controls, ALL CAUGHT FOR REAL (test/mutations.json,
scripts/_mutcheck.mjs test/bridgeGenerator.test.ts public/bridge-
generator.js): the 800 m classification threshold, the correct-boundary
anchor check, dock id uniqueness, and the bridge-refusal-to-boat
fallback.

TWO REAL TOOLING FINDINGS, EACH FIXED BEFORE TRUSTING THE RESULT:
- The fallback mutation SURVIVED on its first attempt: the real
  archipelago has exactly one bridge candidate and it never fails, so
  the fallback branch this mutation touches was never exercised by any
  test that only calls the generator on unmodified default boundaries.
  Fixed by adding a deterministic test that pre-occupies the one real
  bridge's own exact footprint on a fresh board (forcing a genuine
  board.place() refusal, not a simulated one) and asserting the
  fallback actually fires.
- The dock-id mutation was CAUGHT, but not by the test its own `expect`
  field named. board.js's own duplicate-id refusal silently absorbs the
  collision (refusing the second, colliding piece) before the dedicated
  "no duplicate ids" assertion ever sees a duplicate -- caught instead
  by two tests whose own counts depend on both ends of every route
  surviving. Fixed the manifest's `expect` field to name a test that
  actually goes red, the same lesson AUDIT-PROTOCOL.md's 2026-09-09
  entry already recorded for worldAliasing, recurring in a second file.

GUARD CHECK: node test/run.mjs test/worldSeed.test.ts test/board.test.ts
test/boardGenerator.test.ts -- 29 of 30 pass, the one failure is B2.5's
own pre-existing, deliberate, unrelated CPU-time gate. npx tsc --noEmit
clean.

STOPPED HERE, NOT AT B2.8/THE MUTATION HARNESS, per Mark's own live
reordering of docs/briefs/RUN2-CLI-2026-09-09.md received mid-run:
B3 (the render path) is now first, ahead of everything else, because
nothing has drawn the real board yet. This commit lands B2.7 (already
complete, gated, and not worth holding back) before pivoting.
