TER-5 (PLAN.md §4): terrainContribution() stops being a stub.

WHAT WAS WRONG

public/scoring.js's terrainContribution(board, x, y) returned a flat 0
always, with its own header explicitly naming this as a placeholder for a
real terrain phase.

WHAT WAS DONE

Two disclosed terms, per SCORING-MODEL §7.1's own established precedent
(every §S2 magnitude started as a disclosed placeholder too -- no formula
is sourced for either):

  - WATER ADJACENCY: a bonus (TERRAIN_WATER_BONUS = 3, §S2's own MODERATE
    magnitude) applies when real water exists within TERRAIN_WATER_ADJACENCY_R
    (2) cells -- waterfront land being worth more is a well-established fact
    this project does not need a paper to state (RESEARCH.md L4's own
    port-city framing).
  - SLOPE PENALTY: TERRAIN_SLOPE_PENALTY_PER_M = -2 per metre of the
    largest elevation difference to an in-bounds orthogonal neighbour --
    read from the BOARD's own stored elevation (public/area-board.js),
    never from public/terrain-field.js directly, so a cell's score never
    depends on how it was populated, only on what the board itself holds.

A water cell's own terrain term is 0 -- nothing in the catalogue both
permits water and would be scored by this term, so it stays inert rather
than double-counting the bonus a LAND neighbour already receives from being
near it.

GATE (CHECKLIST.md, verbatim): "two cells with genuinely different terrain
score differently, and the difference is attributable to terrain rather
than to adjacency." Proven on a real 100x100 board generated around a real
coastline (found by scanning the field directly), zero pieces placed
anywhere -- with nothing on the board, value() reduces to exactly
terrainContribution() at every cell, so any difference is structurally
terrain and nothing else. The real highest- and lowest-scoring land cells
differ, and value() matches terrainContribution() exactly at both.

A second, narrower gate isolates the water-adjacency term specifically
(the main gate alone could pass on slope variation without the bonus doing
anything): two board cells directly authored via the real
setElevation/setSurfaceType API -- perfectly flat, one adjacent to a real
water cell, one not -- confirm the water-adjacent one scores higher. This
replaced an earlier version that searched a real generated board for the
"flattest" near/far cells it could find; watched SURVIVE first against the
water-adjacency mutation below, because a sub-metre relief difference
between the two searched cells was itself enough to explain the ordering
without the bonus -- the directly-controlled version removes that
confound entirely.

GATE, WATCHED CAUGHT (scripts/_mutcheck.mjs test/terrainContribution.test.ts
public/scoring.js test/mutations.json):
  CAUGHT  ter5-water-adjacency-must-contribute (disables the bonus term)
Baseline GREEN before mutating; tree restored byte-identical after.

DISCLOSED, NOT SILENTLY WORKED AROUND: proving ter5-water-adjacency-must-contribute
CAUGHT requires scoping scripts/_mutcheck.mjs to test/terrainContribution.test.ts,
which also re-scores every OTHER mutation targeting the shared
public/scoring.js (the scoring-s1/s2/s3/s4 family) as SURVIVED under this
narrower scope -- and FIX-6's own upsert-by-id recorder then overwrites
their real, previously-CAUGHT record with that scoped-wrong one. Both
directions were run in sequence to restore the FINAL persisted state
correctly: scoring.test.ts's own 9 mutations re-run last (CAUGHT, their
real and correct status), which means the persisted
test/mutationSummary.generated.json shows ter5-water-adjacency-must-contribute
as SURVIVED even though it was independently verified CAUGHT under its own
proper scope, twice, in this session's own terminal output. Recorded as
docs/LESSONS-LEDGER.jsonl's "mutcheck-scoped-run-clobbers-other-files-mutations"
entry -- a real, non-obvious limitation of _mutcheck.mjs's one-test-file
design when a source file is covered by more than one test file, not fixed
here (a harness change, same "not this run's job" boundary as
docs/DECISIONS-FOR-MARK.md #24's other two recommendations).

4 tests in test/terrainContribution.test.ts: water cell inertness, the main
two-cells-differ gate, slope-alone isolation (steep vs flat, both away from
water), and the water-adjacency-alone isolation gate above.

VERIFIED: npx tsc --noEmit clean. node test/run.mjs test/terrainContribution.test.ts:
4/4 pass. Full suite: 1163 tests, 1106 pass, 12 fail (unchanged from before
this commit -- the same 12 pre-existing/previously-disclosed failures this
session's own harness-fix and decision-22 commits already named). npx
vitest run: 12 passed.

THE BLOCKERS AND TERRAIN ARE NOW BOTH DONE. FIX-2, FIX-5, FIX-6, CAT-1,
TER-1 through TER-5 all ticked in docs/specs/CHECKLIST.md, gates recorded
in docs/GATE-LEDGER.jsonl for each. Next per the brief's own order: SDB-1,
SDB-2.
