U4 -- real pie wedges, not six labelled dots; hint text contrast fixed

Mark's review of the previous commit's screenshot, again not a passing test:
"six small unlabelled icons in an arc... your diagnostics are right --
segOpacity 1, real translate values, positions correct. But 'the segments
are where they should be' and 'this reads as a wheel' are different claims."
Correct, and the second time this session a measurement-true, judgment-
optimistic report has needed correcting -- worth recording plainly rather
than only fixing quietly.

What makes AutoCAD's wheel legible, per Mark's own breakdown, is three
things a floating labelled dot cannot carry regardless of how correctly it
is positioned: a visible ring/disc that reads as one object, visible
divisions between the six choices, and a label on each BEFORE it is
touched. All three needed the segments to BE the visible shape, not sit
near one.

Replaced the six <button> dots with six SVG <path> pie wedges plus six
<text> labels, geometry computed once in nav-wheel.js
(WEDGES/wedgePath/polar) rather than hand-typed as path strings -- six-way
pie arithmetic by hand is exactly the kind of thing a person gets subtly
wrong and a machine does not. Outer radius raised from the dot version's
76px to 140px specifically because Mark's instruction was "if the labels do
not fit at this radius, the radius is too small" -- a sizing decision, not
grounds to drop the labels -- which at 140px gives each 30deg wedge roughly
70px of arc width at the label's placement radius (98px out), enough for
one short word (Orbit, Rewind, Focus, ...) at a readable size. Same half-
circle span as before (-90deg to 90deg, opening rightward from the hub, for
the reason already recorded: a full ring at a hub near the screen's left
edge runs its leftmost segments off-screen).

SVG carries pointer events the same as any other element, so the click/
drag wiring built for the button version needed no new event model -- only
three call sites that used HTMLButtonElement-only APIs SVG elements do not
have: `.title` (SVG's equivalent is a <title> child, added per segment,
additional to the always-visible label text which is the actual fix for
"readable before touching") and `.disabled` (replaced with a `.disabled`
class, checked in both the click handler and setOpen()'s pointer-events
assignment). Found by reading the code against SVG's actual API, not by
running it and hitting a TypeError.

The open/closed transform for both wedges and labels scales from a shared
origin using `transform-box: view-box; transform-origin: 0 0` -- every
wedge's path already starts at that same coordinate-space point (the
hub-anchor), so this is the one setting that makes all six converge to the
same point on close rather than each shrinking from its own bounding box's
corner (fill-box's default), which would have visibly misaligned them
mid-transition.

HINT TEXT CONTRAST, STILL: "very low contrast and cramped against the
panel." The mono-font fix from the prior commit was necessary and confirmed
correct by Mark; contrast was a separate, second defect in the same
element. .nav-pad-hint was the only text in the pad with no backing
surface of its own -- every .nav-strip has `background: var(--card)`; the
hint relied on a text-shadow against whatever the 3D scene happens to show
behind it, at --muted (a token meant for de-emphasized text, not the pad's
own generated readout). Now --ink (the pad's highest-contrast text colour)
on a real background chip matching .nav-strip's own treatment -- the same
mechanism the rest of the pad already uses for contrast, not a text-shadow
asked to do it alone.

Verified: npx tsc --noEmit clean. node test/run.mjs navWheel.test.ts
navBindings.test.ts navPad.test.ts -- 22/22 pass, unchanged from the prior
commit (the existing "segment markup matches a wheel binding" assertion
still holds: it counts data-nav-action occurrences regardless of whether
they're on a <path> or a <text>, and both still exist per segment).

What's still open: the open state has not been re-shot against this
version. Host memory read 2.9 GB at the point this needed a render --
further below this project's 4 GB floor than at any earlier point this
session. Per Mark's explicit instruction, panels should be closed
(#tour-toggle-btn, "put the panels away") for the next screenshot rather
than left open behind the wheel, which was its own defect in the prior
screenshot (illegible against the "How it works" copy) separate from the
wheel's own form. Not calling U4 done until that render lands and Mark has
seen it.
