U4 -- the wheel belongs to the panel now, not beside it; the hint font
bug the longer text exposed; the CSS cascade bug recorded UNEXPLAINED

Mark and Mark's own review of the desktop-closed screenshot, not a passing
test, caught two real defects a green suite had nothing to say about.

1. "THE HUB READS AS A STRAY ARTEFACT... nothing connects it to the panel it
   belongs to." Correct: the previous commit's getBoundingClientRect fix
   solved "the wheel does not land inside the pad" -- a real bug, and fixed
   -- but never asked "does the wheel look like it belongs to the pad",
   which is a different property and had no test. The hub and the "?" now
   live INSIDE #nav-compass-pad's own .nav-strip-actions row, styled as
   .nav-action-btn like Set Pivot / Marker / Save View, not as a separately
   floating circular surface above the panel. The expanding ring (still
   position:fixed, since it needs to float above everything while open) is
   now anchored to the HUB's own getBoundingClientRect() rather than the
   pad's -- simpler than the previous commit's fix, not just different: the
   hub is a normal flow child of the pad, so its live position is correct by
   construction wherever workbench.js has docked the pad, with nothing
   separate left to measure or go stale.

   This changed the event-handling contract in one place that needed fixing
   on its own: the "click outside closes the wheel" listener tested
   `root.contains(e.target)`, where root was #nav-wheel -- which used to
   contain the hub and no longer does. Traced, not run into: a second click
   on the hub would have fired the document-level pointerdown handler first
   (pointerdown precedes click), closing the wheel, and the hub's own click
   handler would then have reopened it from the now-stale `open` value --
   closing the wheel by clicking its own hub a second time would silently
   not have worked. Fixed by excluding the hub explicitly from that check.

2. "THE HINT TYPOGRAPHY IS BROKEN... check what font stack that element is
   inheriting; it is not the pad's." Confirmed: every other label in the pad
   (readout, mode buttons, title) sets font-family: var(--mono) explicitly.
   #nav-pad-hint never did, so it fell through to body's own font-family --
   which, despite the CSS custom property being named --sans, is actually
   'Source Serif 4', 'Iowan Old Style', Palatino, Georgia, serif. Invisible
   at the original three-word hint; a serif face wrapping the much longer
   generated gesture list across several lines at 9-10px is what actually
   made this visible, not something this commit introduced from nothing --
   the wrong font was already there. Fixed: .nav-pad-hint now declares
   font-family: var(--mono) explicitly, matching the rest of the pad's own
   convention, and its max-width constraint (inherited from a short 3-word
   string) widened so the longer text has room to lay out.

WATCHED RED FIRST, BY HAND: reverted the hub's id to confirm
test/navWheel.test.ts's new "hub lives inside the pad's own action row"
assertion fails without it (it did, on exactly that assertion) -- restored,
byte-identical, reconfirmed green. Two of the previous commit's tests
rewritten rather than left stale: the old "#nav-wheel is positioned off
--nav-pad-height" assertion no longer describes what the code does (position
is now hub-anchored, not pad-height-anchored) and is replaced with two
assertions matching the new mechanism -- the hub's markup location, and
nav-wheel.js's use of hub.getBoundingClientRect().

BUG 2 FROM THE PRIOR COMMIT: RECORDED, NOT RE-OPENED. Per Mark's explicit
instruction, the CSS-cascade failure (a rule that selector-matched twice
over, on a root whose className was confirmed literally "nav-wheel open",
and still never painted) is written up in docs/audits/U4-NAV-WHEEL.md as
UNEXPLAINED, with exactly what was checked and what was not, rather than
left as an unlabeled fact buried in a commit message. The inline-style
workaround stands on its own merits (one fewer place for state and paint to
disagree) but is not offered as an explanation of the cascade failure,
because it is not one.

Verified: npx tsc --noEmit clean. node test/run.mjs navWheel.test.ts
navBindings.test.ts navPad.test.ts -- 22/22 pass.

What's still open: the open state has never been seen by screenshot against
THIS version (hub-in-row, JS-driven inline positioning). Host memory held at
3.3-4.2 GB through this entire exchange, under this project's own 4 GB
floor; wrangler dev crashed repeatedly under it exactly as
playwright.config.ts's own comment predicts. Not calling U4 done until Mark
has seen the open state, per explicit instruction. Phone-viewport re-render
also still pending -- the earlier phone screenshot showing the hub colliding
with the top bar's "More" button was against the FLOATING version; whether
the in-panel hub resolves that collision as a side effect (Mark's own
hypothesis) is unconfirmed until it is re-shot. U1's #parcel-inspect-card
likely shares the "assumes the pad's CSS-default corner" bug this session
found and fixed for the wheel twice now (position, then placement) -- still
not fixed, still the first thing to do once U4's open state is confirmed,
per Mark's own instruction to do both together since it is the same fix
twice.
