Wind-down: LESSONS.md entry for the comment-matching regex, outstanding
list written into U4's audit doc

Stopping for the night on Mark's instruction -- everything left in this
lane's queue needs a browser, and this machine has held under this
project's 4 GB floor most of tonight with the other lane actively
generating worlds. Two documentation entries before stopping, both
requested explicitly rather than left for next session to reconstruct from
conversation.

docs/LESSONS.md gains a new entry: test/navPad.test.ts's mutation-test
proof for U1's live-position fix passed on its first run despite the
mutation being real, because the assertion's regex matched a COMMENT
describing the call in near-identical syntax to the call itself. Fixed by
rewording the comment; re-run correctly caught the mutation. Marked OPEN,
matching this file's own convention for an instance-fixed-but-no-general-
control entry (same shape as the roadkit entry above it): the general
control -- a comment-stripping helper for this suite's raw-source
assert.match checks, and a sweep of existing checks against it -- does not
exist yet. Recorded per Mark's instruction as a standing warning: fifth
time in one week a mutation has caught a test rather than code.

docs/audits/U4-NAV-WHEEL.md gains an "Outstanding" section naming what
could not be finished tonight: the wedge redesign never screenshotted with
panels closed (Tour didn't clear them under the stubbed-renderer
environment; a broader dismiss-fallback destabilized an already-strained
server and overwrote the one good capture with a corrupted one); U1's
live-position fix not re-watched in e2e/panelOverlap.spec.ts (structural
and mutation checks stand in, not a substitute); U2 (mobile grounding) not
started at all; bug 2 (the CSS cascade failure) still UNEXPLAINED, nothing
new; the new LESSONS.md entry itself still OPEN. Also corrected a stale
reference in that same doc's "workaround" section -- it named OPEN_OFFSET,
which the pie-wedge redesign later superseded with WEDGES/wedgePath; fixed
so the doc does not describe code that no longer exists.

The CLAUDE.md "lanes do not kill processes" rule Mark asked to be added was
already committed earlier this session (7aaa92a) -- verified present,
matching the instruction, not re-added.

Tree state, reported precisely rather than matched to an expected count:
package.json modified (known, pre-existing, benign, unrelated to this
session). Ten docs/pending-commits/*.txt files untracked, all predating
this conversation (Phase A-D commit-message sources whose commits landed
without the source file itself being staged alongside) -- not touched this
session, not committed here, since committing files with no context on why
they were left that way is a "nothing is deleted, categorise and confirm
first" question this session cannot answer.

Verified: node test/run.mjs navPad.test.ts navWheel.test.ts
navBindings.test.ts livePosition.test.ts -- 29/29 pass. npx tsc --noEmit
clean. Documentation-only change, no code touched.
